content/for/bct.md, before:

---
draft: false
from: michelle
title: Bumblebee Conservation Trust
inline_title: the Bumblebee Conservation Trust
heading: Let’s help bumblebees, together
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect bumblebees. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we love to support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting the Bumblebee Conservation Trust.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone-2.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
  alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
- img: images/work-garden-organic-laptop-3.jpg
  alt: Garden Organic website on a laptop, situated on a garden table.
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: Bumblebee Conservation Trust
  icon: logo-bumblebees
  icon_width: 287
  icon_height: 87
related_projects:
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/garden-organic
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---

Commit message:

Add seo title and desc

content/for/bct.md, after:

---
draft: false
from: michelle
title: Bumblebee Conservation Trust
inline_title: the Bumblebee Conservation Trust
seo_title: "We'd love to work with the Bumblebee Conservation Trust"
description: "We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect bumblebees."
heading: Let’s help bumblebees, together
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect bumblebees. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we love to support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting the Bumblebee Conservation Trust.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone-2.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
  alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
- img: images/work-garden-organic-laptop-3.jpg
  alt: Garden Organic website on a laptop, situated on a garden table.
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: Bumblebee Conservation Trust
  icon: logo-bumblebees
  icon_width: 287
  icon_height: 87
related_projects:
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/garden-organic
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---
