content/for/butterflies.md, before:

---
draft: false
from: michelle
title: Butterfly Conservation
heading: Let’s help butterflies and moths, together
subheading: You might remember us, we’re Kind, and we’d still love to support the amazing work you do to protect butterflies and moths. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to use our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting Butterfly Conservation.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
  alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
- img: images/work_plan_vivo_brand_2.jpg
  alt: A woman in a red and yellow dress waters seedlings in a tree nursery
- img: images/work_plan_vivo_brochure.jpg
  alt: The cover of a Plan Vivo document, on a table
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: Butterfly Conservation
  icon: logo-butterflies
  icon_width: 601
  icon_height: 155
related_projects:
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/the-wilderness-project
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/twp-short
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---

Commit message:

Add seo title and desc

content/for/butterflies.md, after:

---
draft: false
from: michelle
title: Butterfly Conservation
heading: Let’s help butterflies and moths, together
seo_title: "We'd love to work with Butterfly Conservation"
description: "We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect butterflies and moths."
subheading: You might remember us, we’re Kind, and we’d still love to support the amazing work you do to protect butterflies and moths. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to use our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting Butterfly Conservation.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
  alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
- img: images/work_plan_vivo_brand_2.jpg
  alt: A woman in a red and yellow dress waters seedlings in a tree nursery
- img: images/work_plan_vivo_brochure.jpg
  alt: The cover of a Plan Vivo document, on a table
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: Butterfly Conservation
  icon: logo-butterflies
  icon_width: 601
  icon_height: 155
related_projects:
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/the-wilderness-project
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/twp-short
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---
