content/for/clientearth.md, before:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: ClientEarth
heading: We also want environmental justice
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect people and planet through the law. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to use our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people backing ClientEarth’s work.
cover_img: images/work_plan_vivo_mobile_hero.jpg
cover_img_alt: Plan Vivo website on a mobile device, on a rock
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
- img: images/work-twp-hero-3.jpg
  alt: A person stands beside two canoes on the shore of a misty river at sunrise, surrounded by reeds and trees.
- img: images/work-twp-outdoor-laptop.jpg
  alt: The Wilderness Project website shown on a laptop. The laptop is situated outdoors, on a rock
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: ClientEarth
  icon: logo-clientearth
  icon_width: 4001
  icon_height: 685
related_projects:
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
  - slug: work/unesco
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---

Commit message:

Add seo title and desc

content/for/clientearth.md, after:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: ClientEarth
seo_title: "We'd love to work with ClientEarth"
description: "We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect people and planet through the law."
heading: We also want environmental justice
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect people and planet through the law. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to use our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people backing ClientEarth’s work.
cover_img: images/work_plan_vivo_mobile_hero.jpg
cover_img_alt: Plan Vivo website on a mobile device, on a rock
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
- img: images/work-twp-hero-3.jpg
  alt: A person stands beside two canoes on the shore of a misty river at sunrise, surrounded by reeds and trees.
- img: images/work-twp-outdoor-laptop.jpg
  alt: The Wilderness Project website shown on a laptop. The laptop is situated outdoors, on a rock
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: ClientEarth
  icon: logo-clientearth
  icon_width: 4001
  icon_height: 685
related_projects:
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
  - slug: work/unesco
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---
