content/for/climatecoalition.md, before:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: The Climate Coalition
heading: Let’s bring people together for climate action
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do bringing people and organisations together for climate action. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we aim to support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting The Climate Coalition.
cover_img: images/work_plan_vivo_mobile_hero.jpg
cover_img_alt: Plan Vivo website on a mobile device, on a rock
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
- img: images/work-twp-hero-3.jpg
  alt: A person stands beside two canoes on the shore of a misty river at sunrise, surrounded by reeds and trees.
- img: images/work-twp-outdoor-laptop.jpg
  alt: The Wilderness Project website shown on a laptop. The laptop is situated outdoors, on a rock
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: The Climate Coalition
  icon: logo-climatecoalition
  icon_width: 3599
  icon_height: 1105
related_projects:
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
  - slug: work/unesco
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/strongerroots
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---

Commit message:

Add seo title and desc

content/for/climatecoalition.md, after:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: The Climate Coalition
seo_title: "We'd love to work with The Climate Coalition"
description: "We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do bringing people and organisations together for climate action."
heading: Let’s bring people together for climate action
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do bringing people and organisations together for climate action. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we aim to support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting The Climate Coalition.
cover_img: images/work_plan_vivo_mobile_hero.jpg
cover_img_alt: Plan Vivo website on a mobile device, on a rock
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
- img: images/work-twp-hero-3.jpg
  alt: A person stands beside two canoes on the shore of a misty river at sunrise, surrounded by reeds and trees.
- img: images/work-twp-outdoor-laptop.jpg
  alt: The Wilderness Project website shown on a laptop. The laptop is situated outdoors, on a rock
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: The Climate Coalition
  icon: logo-climatecoalition
  icon_width: 3599
  icon_height: 1105
related_projects:
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
  - slug: work/unesco
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/strongerroots
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---
