content/for/fourpaws.md, before:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: Four Paws
heading: Let’s help more people stand up for animals
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect animals and drive long-term change. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting Four Paws.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-lynx-2.jpg
  alt: A lynx in the forest
- img: images/work-garden-organic-laptop-3.jpg
  alt: Garden Organic website on a laptop, situated on a garden table.
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: Four Paws
  icon: logo-four-paws
  icon_width: 1636
  icon_height: 1636
related_projects:
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/artswork
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---

Commit message:

Add seo title and desc

content/for/fourpaws.md, after:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: Four Paws
seo_title: "We'd love to work with Four Paws"
description: "We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect animals and drive long-term change."
heading: Let’s help more people stand up for animals
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect animals and drive long-term change. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting Four Paws.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-lynx-2.jpg
  alt: A lynx in the forest
- img: images/work-garden-organic-laptop-3.jpg
  alt: Garden Organic website on a laptop, situated on a garden table.
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: Four Paws
  icon: logo-four-paws
  icon_width: 1636
  icon_height: 1636
related_projects:
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/artswork
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---
