content/for/independentage.md, before:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: Independent Age
heading: Let’s help older people live well, together
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to help older people get the support and advice they need. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting Independent Age.
cover_img: images/work-sr-billboard.jpg
cover_img_alt: "Outdoor billboard showing StrongerRoots campaign with the message “Together we’ll grow a recovery-friendly future” beside a smiling young woman."
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
  alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
- img: images/work-artswork-photo-1.jpg
  alt: A man and boy examine a vinyl record
- img: images/work_plan_vivo_mobile_quote.jpg
  alt: Plan Vivo website on a mobile device, held in someones right hand
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: Independent Age
  icon: logo-independentage
  icon_width: 617
  icon_height: 139
related_projects:
  - slug: work/strongerroots
  - slug: work/artswork
  - slug: work/chapter
  - slug: work/unesco
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/odi
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---

Commit message:

Add seo title and desc

content/for/independentage.md, after:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: Independent Age
seo_title: "We'd love to work with Independent Age"
description: "We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to help older people get the support and advice they need."
heading: Let’s help older people live well, together
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to help older people get the support and advice they need. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting Independent Age.
cover_img: images/work-sr-billboard.jpg
cover_img_alt: "Outdoor billboard showing StrongerRoots campaign with the message “Together we’ll grow a recovery-friendly future” beside a smiling young woman."
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
  alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
- img: images/work-artswork-photo-1.jpg
  alt: A man and boy examine a vinyl record
- img: images/work_plan_vivo_mobile_quote.jpg
  alt: Plan Vivo website on a mobile device, held in someones right hand
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: Independent Age
  icon: logo-independentage
  icon_width: 617
  icon_height: 139
related_projects:
  - slug: work/strongerroots
  - slug: work/artswork
  - slug: work/chapter
  - slug: work/unesco
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/odi
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---
