content/for/johnmuir.md, before:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: John Muir Trust
inline_title: the John Muir Trust
heading: Let us help keep wild places wild
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect wild places and help more people connect with nature. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting the John Muir Trust.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone-2.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-twp-hero-3.jpg
  alt: Multiple canoes on a calm river that reflects the colorful sunset sky.
- img: images/work-twp-outdoor-laptop.jpg
  alt: The Wilderness Project website shown on a laptop. The laptop is situated outdoors, on a rock
- img: images/Quinag_002.jpg
  alt: A view from Quinag
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
  alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: John Muir Trust
  icon: logo-johnmuir
  icon_width: 64
  icon_height: 64
related_projects:
  - slug: work/the-wilderness-project
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/twp-short
- testimonials/rwb-short
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---

Commit message:

Add seo title and desc

content/for/johnmuir.md, after:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: John Muir Trust
seo_title: "We'd love to work with the John Muir Trust"
description: "We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect wild places and help more people connect with nature"
inline_title: the John Muir Trust
heading: Let us help keep wild places wild
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect wild places and help more people connect with nature. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting the John Muir Trust.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone-2.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-twp-hero-3.jpg
  alt: Multiple canoes on a calm river that reflects the colorful sunset sky.
- img: images/work-twp-outdoor-laptop.jpg
  alt: The Wilderness Project website shown on a laptop. The laptop is situated outdoors, on a rock
- img: images/Quinag_002.jpg
  alt: A view from Quinag
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
  alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: John Muir Trust
  icon: logo-johnmuir
  icon_width: 64
  icon_height: 64
related_projects:
  - slug: work/the-wilderness-project
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/twp-short
- testimonials/rwb-short
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---
