content/for/league.md, before:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: League Against Cruel Sports
inline_title: the League Against Cruel Sports
heading: We want to help end cruelty to animals
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect animals and challenge cruelty. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting the League Against Cruel Sports.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone-2.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-lynx-2.jpg
  alt: A lynx in the forest
- img: images/work_plan_vivo_business_card.jpg
  alt: Garden Organic website on a laptop, situated on a garden table.
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: League Against Cruel Sports
  icon: logo-league
  icon_width: 1624
  icon_height: 484
related_projects:
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
  - slug: work/strongerroots
  - slug: work/the-wilderness-project
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---

Commit message:

Add seo title and desc

content/for/league.md, after:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: League Against Cruel Sports
seo_title: "We'd love to work with the League Against Cruel Sports"
description: "We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect animals and challenge cruelty."
inline_title: the League Against Cruel Sports
heading: We want to help end cruelty to animals
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect animals and challenge cruelty. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting the League Against Cruel Sports.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone-2.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-lynx-2.jpg
  alt: A lynx in the forest
- img: images/work_plan_vivo_business_card.jpg
  alt: Garden Organic website on a laptop, situated on a garden table.
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: League Against Cruel Sports
  icon: logo-league
  icon_width: 1624
  icon_height: 484
related_projects:
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
  - slug: work/strongerroots
  - slug: work/the-wilderness-project
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---
