content/for/sas.md, before:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: Surfers Against Sewage
heading: Let’s protect clean water, together
subheading: We’re Kind, an Ocean Network Member, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect the ocean and tackle sewage pollution. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting Surfers Against Sewage.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone-2.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-twp-hero-3.jpg
  alt: A person stands beside two canoes on the shore of a misty river at sunrise, surrounded by reeds and trees.
- img: images/work-twp-outdoor-laptop.jpg
  alt: The Wilderness Project website shown on a laptop. The laptop is situated outdoors, on a rock
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: Surfers Against Sewage
  icon: logo-sas
  icon_width: 355
  icon_height: 139
related_projects:
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/the-wilderness-project
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---

Commit message:

Add seo title and desc

content/for/sas.md, after:

---
draft: false
from: mat
title: Surfers Against Sewage
seo_title: "We'd love to work with Surfers Against Sewage"
description: "We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect the ocean and tackle sewage pollution."
heading: Let’s protect clean water, together
subheading: We’re Kind, an Ocean Network Member, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to protect the ocean and tackle sewage pollution. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to work together, using our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting Surfers Against Sewage.
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone-2.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
- img: images/work-twp-hero-3.jpg
  alt: A person stands beside two canoes on the shore of a misty river at sunrise, surrounded by reeds and trees.
- img: images/work-twp-outdoor-laptop.jpg
  alt: The Wilderness Project website shown on a laptop. The laptop is situated outdoors, on a rock
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
  alt: A beaver on a river bank
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: Surfers Against Sewage
  icon: logo-sas
  icon_width: 355
  icon_height: 139
related_projects:
  - slug: work/the-rivers-trust
  - slug: work/rewilding-britain
  - slug: work/the-wilderness-project
  - slug: work/plan-vivo
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/rwb-short
- testimonials/plan-vivo
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---
