content/for/thegirlsnetwork.md, before:

---
draft: false
from: michelle
title: The Girls’ Network
heading: We'd like to help open more doors for girls
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to support girls through mentoring and build confidence for the future. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to use our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting The Girls’ Network.
cover_img: images/work-sr-billboard.jpg
cover_img_alt: "Outdoor billboard showing StrongerRoots campaign with the message “Together we’ll grow a recovery-friendly future” beside a smiling young woman."
banner_images:
- img: images/work-artswork-photo-5.jpg
  alt: Young women standing in front of microphones.
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
  alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
- img: images/work-base51-social.jpg
  alt: Plan Vivo website on a mobile device, held in someones right hand
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: The Girls’ Network
  icon: logo-girlsnetwork
  icon_width: 960
  icon_height: 952
related_projects:
  - slug: work/base51
  - slug: work/artswork
  - slug: work/bookmark
  - slug: work/chapter
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/artswork
- testimonials/base51
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---

Commit message:

Add seo title and desc

content/for/thegirlsnetwork.md, after:

---
draft: false
from: michelle
title: The Girls’ Network
seo_title: "We'd love to work with The Girls’ Network"
description: "We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to support girls through mentoring and build confidence for the future,"
heading: We'd like to help open more doors for girls
subheading: We’re Kind, and we’d love to support the amazing work you do to support girls through mentoring and build confidence for the future. Your mission aligns perfectly with the kind of brands we support and we’d love to use our expertise to help grow awareness and get more people supporting The Girls’ Network.
cover_img: images/work-sr-billboard.jpg
cover_img_alt: "Outdoor billboard showing StrongerRoots campaign with the message “Together we’ll grow a recovery-friendly future” beside a smiling young woman."
banner_images:
- img: images/work-artswork-photo-5.jpg
  alt: Young women standing in front of microphones.
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
  alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
- img: images/work-base51-social.jpg
  alt: Plan Vivo website on a mobile device, held in someones right hand
- img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
  alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: w-12 lg:w-24 xl:w-36
logo:
  name: The Girls’ Network
  icon: logo-girlsnetwork
  icon_width: 960
  icon_height: 952
related_projects:
  - slug: work/base51
  - slug: work/artswork
  - slug: work/bookmark
  - slug: work/chapter
tools:
  - tools/strategy-kickstart-canvas
  - tools/project-readiness-checklist
  - tools/project-discovery-planner
testimonials:
- testimonials/artswork
- testimonials/base51
related_stats:
- pay-gap
- socially-reponsible
- charity-donations
- gender-neutral
extra_stats:
- 23k-donated
- 28-percent
---
