content/blog/why-asking-why-charity-strategy-impact.md, before:

---
title: "Why asking ‘why’ turns charity strategy into true impact"
card_colour: bg-sky text-green
date: 2025-11-10T09:13:09.110Z
author: mat
draft: false
featured: true
unlisted: false
description: "When teams understand the why behind their work, strategy becomes clearer and projects deliver more impact. Learn how purpose strengthens every stage of a charity’s work."
toc: false
cover_img: images/work-sr-team-2.jpg
text_colour: text-white
cover_img_alt: Kind team members meeting around a wooden table with laptops.
key_topic:
  - How we work
topics:
  - Strategy
  - Non-profit
intro: "Most charities begin projects full of excitement. A new website, a rebrand or a campaign that finally tells their story."
hide_newsletter: true
related_posts:
  - brand-strategy-make-an-impact
  - creativity-is-a-responsibility
  - creating-sustainable-and-ethical-digital-products
---

The launch goes well, feedback is positive and for a while it feels like progress, but a few months later it’s hard to see any real change.

Often it’s because the question that matters most was never asked: *Why?*

## The cost of skipping the ‘why’

The most effective organisations aren’t the ones that move fastest, they’re the ones that focus on the 'why'.

When there isn’t a clear reason behind a project, decisions are often based on preference rather than purpose. Without a clear plan and strategy, charity project planning becomes reactive, timelines stretch, budgets disappear and scope gets reduced to make things fit. You end up making compromises that shouldn’t be needed and sometimes you might even find yourself redoing the same work sooner than expected, as it becomes obvious that nothing has really changed.

Everyone’s moving, but nobody is reading the map. It’s not because your team doesn’t care, it’s because they don’t have a shared focus.

Without a clear ‘why’, there’s nothing to measure success against and no way of knowing what is or isn't suitable. There’s no shared understanding of what progress really looks like. The work might look good, but is it making the right kind of difference?

## The clarity that comes from asking ‘why’

Asking ‘why’ doesn’t slow a project down, in fact we find that it speeds things up. When everyone understands the reason behind the work, decisions become easier to make and your team doesn't need to second-guess anything. The right path is clear to everyone.

This clarity allows us to replace personal opinions with purpose and helps each part of a project pull in the same direction. Research focuses on what matters most and delivery becomes easier because the destination is agreed from the start.

When the ‘why’ is clear, the end goals are obvious. It’s not about what we deliver anymore, it's about what that delivers for our cause.

{{< example
  heading="In practice"
  linktext="Read the case study"
  link="/work/nottingham-trent-university"
  >}}
  Nottingham Trent University wanted a digital platform that reflected the experience of its students and staff. Their website worked, but it no longer expressed what the university stood for. The challenge wasn’t technology, it was clarity.

  Once we focused on the ‘why’, the goals shifted. The aim wasn’t to redesign for the sake of change but to define what (and who) the website was really for. Through research and workshops, we helped to align the university around a shared purpose and a clearer understanding of how digital supports their mission.

  By starting with ‘why’, the work became more than a new website. It became a tool that unified the university around its digital goals and the people it serves.
{{< /example >}}

## How to start asking ‘why’

Taking some time at the start of a project to slow down, question assumptions and agree on purpose will help your team to find clarity. It’s a small step that saves a lot of time later on and the simplest way to do it is to use a shared framework.

Our Strategy Kickstart Canvas was created to help teams working in charities and non-profits to begin the conversation about purpose, audience and outcomes before any design or delivery starts. It helps everyone see the project in context and agree on what success should look like.

As you work through it, the discussion often reveals things that hadn’t come up before. Goals and opportunities become clearer and priorities might change. The early stage of a project becomes a space for exploration that leads to clarity.

If you’re planning a new project, download our Strategy Kickstart Canvas and use it with your team.

{{< data-capture
  heading="Download the Strategy Kickstart Canvas"
  description="Let us know your email address and we’ll send you the canvas along with some tips for how to use it."
  url=""
  src="images/be-a-good-human.png"
  purposes="sending the Strategy Kickstart Canvas and advice on how to use it"
  tag="3959822"
  >}}

## Finding your ‘why’

Every project is an opportunity to make a difference, but only if it starts in the right place. When you understand why you’re doing the work, decisions are easier and your team is more aligned. The end product is stronger and the impacts are far greater too.

That’s the difference a clear ‘why’ can make.

<p>If you’d rather have an experienced team guide you through this phase, we’d love to help. <a href="/contact/" data-toggle-class="active" data-toggle-fixed="" data-target="#contact-details" aria-controls="contact-details" data-toggle-set-scroll>Get in touch</a> and let’s find your ‘why’ together.</p>

Commit message:

change example on why asking why case study

content/blog/why-asking-why-charity-strategy-impact.md, after:

---
title: "Why asking ‘why’ turns charity strategy into true impact"
card_colour: bg-sky text-green
date: 2025-11-10T09:13:09.110Z
author: mat
draft: false
featured: true
unlisted: false
description: "When teams understand the why behind their work, strategy becomes clearer and projects deliver more impact. Learn how purpose strengthens every stage of a charity’s work."
toc: false
cover_img: images/work-sr-team-2.jpg
text_colour: text-white
cover_img_alt: Kind team members meeting around a wooden table with laptops.
key_topic:
  - How we work
topics:
  - Strategy
  - Non-profit
intro: "Most charities begin projects full of excitement. A new website, a rebrand or a campaign that finally tells their story."
hide_newsletter: true
related_posts:
  - brand-strategy-make-an-impact
  - creativity-is-a-responsibility
  - creating-sustainable-and-ethical-digital-products
---

The launch goes well, feedback is positive and for a while it feels like progress, but a few months later it’s hard to see any real change.

Often it’s because the question that matters most was never asked: *Why?*

## The cost of skipping the ‘why’

The most effective organisations aren’t the ones that move fastest, they’re the ones that focus on the 'why'.

When there isn’t a clear reason behind a project, decisions are often based on preference rather than purpose. Without a clear plan and strategy, charity project planning becomes reactive, timelines stretch, budgets disappear and scope gets reduced to make things fit. You end up making compromises that shouldn’t be needed and sometimes you might even find yourself redoing the same work sooner than expected, as it becomes obvious that nothing has really changed.

Everyone’s moving, but nobody is reading the map. It’s not because your team doesn’t care, it’s because they don’t have a shared focus.

Without a clear ‘why’, there’s nothing to measure success against and no way of knowing what is or isn't suitable. There’s no shared understanding of what progress really looks like. The work might look good, but is it making the right kind of difference?

## The clarity that comes from asking ‘why’

Asking ‘why’ doesn’t slow a project down, in fact we find that it speeds things up. When everyone understands the reason behind the work, decisions become easier to make and your team doesn't need to second-guess anything. The right path is clear to everyone.

This clarity allows us to replace personal opinions with purpose and helps each part of a project pull in the same direction. Research focuses on what matters most and delivery becomes easier because the destination is agreed from the start.

When the ‘why’ is clear, the end goals are obvious. It’s not about what we deliver anymore, it's about what that delivers for our cause.

{{< example
  heading="In practice"
  linktext="Read the case study"
  link="/work/rewilding-britain"
  >}}
  In 2020, rewilding was still a relatively new idea for most people. Rewilding Britain's website held some useful information, but it didn’t bring the concept of rewilding to life. It was clear that they needed clarity about their purpose in order to take the next step.

  Once we focused on the purpose of the project, the goals became clearer. Yes, we were refreshing their website, but more importantly they needed to help the public see why rewilding matters and how it benefits nature and local communities. That clarity shaped the structure, the content and the design decisions that followed.

  A few years later the landscape had changed. Rewilding had become a familiar term and more organisations were talking about it. Rewilding Britain needed to shift from raising awareness to leading the conversation. That meant returning to the strategy, understanding what had changed and realigning the site so it could support a growing national movement.

  By starting with the reason behind the work and returning to it as the world changed, the website continues to help Rewilding Britain guide public understanding and stay focused on the impact they want to create.
{{< /example >}}

## How to start asking ‘why’

Taking some time at the start of a project to slow down, question assumptions and agree on purpose will help your team to find clarity. It’s a small step that saves a lot of time later on and the simplest way to do it is to use a shared framework.

Our Strategy Kickstart Canvas was created to help teams working in charities and non-profits to begin the conversation about purpose, audience and outcomes before any design or delivery starts. It helps everyone see the project in context and agree on what success should look like.

As you work through it, the discussion often reveals things that hadn’t come up before. Goals and opportunities become clearer and priorities might change. The early stage of a project becomes a space for exploration that leads to clarity.

If you’re planning a new project, download our Strategy Kickstart Canvas and use it with your team.

{{< data-capture
  heading="Download the Strategy Kickstart Canvas"
  description="Let us know your email address and we’ll send you the canvas along with some tips for how to use it."
  url=""
  src="images/be-a-good-human.png"
  purposes="sending the Strategy Kickstart Canvas and advice on how to use it"
  tag="3959822"
  >}}

## Finding your ‘why’

Every project is an opportunity to make a difference, but only if it starts in the right place. When you understand why you’re doing the work, decisions are easier and your team is more aligned. The end product is stronger and the impacts are far greater too.

That’s the difference a clear ‘why’ can make.

<p>If you’d rather have an experienced team guide you through this phase, we’d love to help. <a href="/contact/" data-toggle-class="active" data-toggle-fixed="" data-target="#contact-details" aria-controls="contact-details" data-toggle-set-scroll>Get in touch</a> and let’s find your ‘why’ together.</p>
