content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Ethical creative agency for charities and non-profits
description: We’re a small but powerful team of carefully selected senior professionals. Strategy, brand, digital – we bring it all together and drive change in ways that really matter.
social_img: images/mat-and-michelle.jpg
date: 2025-04-07T10:48:46.000Z
hidden: false
cover_img: images/true-to-who-we-are-v1.png
cover_img_alt: A giant friendly hand, holding a small flower
preheading: Ethical creative agency
heading: A creative force for good
large_hero: true
intro: >


  Kind works exclusively for those that put purpose before profit, delivering expert guidance on [strategy](/services/strategy), [brand](/services/brand) and [digital](/services/digital) where it counts.
intro_md: true
sectors:
  - title: 'For people'
    image: images/home-sector-people.jpg
    image_alt: Two young women look at each other. They appear to be at an outdoor festival, with the sun setting in the distance. They are smiling
    illustration: images/illustration-white-hands.png
    illustration_alt: An illustration of group of hands, all pointing upward
  - title: 'For planet'
    image: images/home-sector-planet.jpg
    image_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
    illustration: images/illustration-white-trees.png
    illustration_alt: An illustration of group of trees, with legs
impacts:
  - work/unesco
  - work/bookmark
  - work/rewilding-britain
  - work/vanda
  - work/the-rivers-trust
projects:
  #- work/papyrus
  - work/rewilding-britain
  - work/unesco
  - work/artswork
  - work/the-rivers-trust
---

Commit message:

Change meta description on homepage

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Ethical creative agency for charities and non-profits
description: Kind works exclusively for those that put purpose before profit, delivering expert guidance on strategy, brand and digital where it counts.
social_img: images/mat-and-michelle.jpg
date: 2025-04-07T10:48:46.000Z
hidden: false
cover_img: images/true-to-who-we-are-v1.png
cover_img_alt: A giant friendly hand, holding a small flower
preheading: Ethical creative agency
heading: A creative force for good
large_hero: true
intro: >


  Kind works exclusively for those that put purpose before profit, delivering expert guidance on [strategy](/services/strategy), [brand](/services/brand) and [digital](/services/digital) where it counts.
intro_md: true
sectors:
  - title: 'For people'
    image: images/home-sector-people.jpg
    image_alt: Two young women look at each other. They appear to be at an outdoor festival, with the sun setting in the distance. They are smiling
    illustration: images/illustration-white-hands.png
    illustration_alt: An illustration of group of hands, all pointing upward
  - title: 'For planet'
    image: images/home-sector-planet.jpg
    image_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
    illustration: images/illustration-white-trees.png
    illustration_alt: An illustration of group of trees, with legs
impacts:
  - work/unesco
  - work/bookmark
  - work/rewilding-britain
  - work/vanda
  - work/the-rivers-trust
projects:
  #- work/papyrus
  - work/rewilding-britain
  - work/unesco
  - work/artswork
  - work/the-rivers-trust
---
