content/work/algrano.md, before:

---
heading: Ensuring a fair deal across the global coffee community
title: Algrano - Brand Case Study - Ethical Business
draft: false
date: 2024-07-25T10:52:34.342Z
cover_img: images/work-algrano-harvest.jpg
cover_img_alt: A man empties a harvest of coffee from an orange pallette box into a machine
intro: Understanding there was a deep imbalance and asymmetry in the coffee industry, Algrano’s founders sought to disrupt the monopolised industry structure by using online tools, trusted partnerships, price transparency, and shipping management to put roasters in direct touch with the producers growing coffee at source.  
key_stat: null
description: Find out how Kind have helped Algrano
summary:
topics:
  - User-centred Design
  - Copywriting
  - Brand Strategy
  - Animation
icon: algrano-logo
services:
  - brand
  - digital
related_work:
  - chapter
  - vanda
  - the-rivers-trust
weight: 5
banner_type: slideshow
banner_images: 
  - img: images/work-algrano-drinkers.jpg
    alt: Two men drinking coffee outside a blue building
  - img: images/work-algrano-harvest.jpg
    alt: A child with yellow headphones in a library. He is sitting at an open laptop and smiling
  - img: images/work-algrano-coffee-hands.jpg
    alt: A man holding raw coffee beans in his hands
banner_icon: algrano-logo
toc: true
toc_replacements:
  - long: Bringing a brand to life online
    short: Online brand launch
  - long: Clear, concise messaging
  - long: Visual storytelling
  - long: User-journey creation
  - long: Capturing the heart of Algrano
    short: Engaging digital design
social_img: images/work-algrano-growers.jpg
social_img_txt: "Ensuring a fair deal across the global coffee community"
---

{{< workquote logo="algrano-logo" img="images/work-algrano-growers.jpg" alt="A woman and a man inspect a coffee plant">}}
We create change with technology to enable independent producers and roasters to thrive.
{{</ workquote >}}


<!-- Text left -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8">

  ## Bringing a brand to life online

  Using Algrano's recently refreshed brand identity, we created an impactful, interactive, and engaging online presence, by capturing their values, mission, and vision through compelling stories and consistent visuals, ensuring their brand will continue to set them apart and make a strong impression.

  </div>
</div>

{{< figure align="left" wrapperclass="" src="work-algrano-laptop.jpg" alt="Over the shoulder photograph of the Algrano website on a laptop" >}}

{{< figure wrapperclass="" src="work-algrano-design-system-x2.jpg" alt="Algrano design system components" >}}



<!-- Text right -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8 lg:col-start-5">

  ## Clear, concise messaging

  Algrano’s brand personality is to be direct, open and friendly. We embraced their changemaker attitude and used straightforward language for their video and website content, making their message engaging and easy to remember, and building trust with potential service users. With a clear balance for both roasters and growers – we focused on showing the relationships that are encouraged, built and nurtured by the Algrano platform. 

  ## Visual storytelling

  To capture attention and maintain engagement we developed an energetic brand explainer video. We created the video to be repurposable, creating multiple short edits that maximised the clients budget and allowed them to use video content across web, social media, presentations and events.

  </div>
</div>

{{< figure align="right" wrapperclass="" src="work-algrano-storyboard-2x.jpg" alt="Storyboard screens from Algrano explainer video" >}}

<div style="padding:56.25% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/961065909?h=9721d21e6f&title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>


<!-- Text left -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8">

  ## User-journey creation

  We designed user-friendly online journeys by delving into and understanding the needs of Algrano’s diverse user groups. By mapping out different user paths, we created smooth and intuitive experiences, optimising navigation and simplifying processes to enhance user engagement and enable them to meet their desired goals online.
  </div>
</div>

{{< image-cycle
  align="left"
  src_1="images/work-algrano-wireframe-2x.jpg"
  alt_1="Algrano website wireframes"
  src_2="images/work-algrano-ui-2x.jpg"
  alt_2="Algrano website user interface" >}}

<!-- Text right -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8 lg:col-start-5">

  ## Capturing the heart of Algrano

  We captured Algrano’s brand essence and distinctive offerings through an attention-grabbing and engaging design, fostering trust and authenticity for both producers and growers. By incorporating speech bubbles and arrows, we guide audiences on a journey, connecting them with key content and encouraging further exploration.

  </div>
</div>

<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  {{< figure wrapperclass="col-span-full lg:col-span-8" src="work-algrano-tablet.jpg" alt="Algrano website designs on tablet screens" >}}
  <div class="col-span-full lg:col-span-4">
  {{< mobile-scroll src="work-algrano-homepage-mobile-full.png" alt="a mockup of the Algrano website homepage" wrapper_class="aspect-iphone max-w-[10.5rem]" speed="20000">}}
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

Better SEO titles and descriptions - moved Base 51 imagery around

content/work/algrano.md, after:

---
heading: Ensuring a fair deal across the global coffee community
title: Brand delivery for Algrano - Kind
description: Launching a refreshed identity through animation, video production and tone of voice
draft: false
date: 2024-07-25T10:52:34.342Z
cover_img: images/work-algrano-harvest.jpg
cover_img_alt: A man empties a harvest of coffee from an orange pallette box into a machine
intro: Understanding there was a deep imbalance and asymmetry in the coffee industry, Algrano’s founders sought to disrupt the monopolised industry structure by using online tools, trusted partnerships, price transparency, and shipping management to put roasters in direct touch with the producers growing coffee at source.  
key_stat: null
summary:
topics:
  - User-centred Design
  - Copywriting
  - Brand Strategy
  - Animation
icon: algrano-logo
services:
  - brand
  - digital
related_work:
  - chapter
  - vanda
  - the-rivers-trust
weight: 5
impact: Algrano's work helps to reset the power imbalance in the coffee industry, connecting producers directly to roasters. Our work has helped them to better tell their story and encourage more independents to join their movement.
banner_type: slideshow
banner_images: 
  - img: images/work-algrano-drinkers.jpg
    alt: Two men drinking coffee outside a blue building
  - img: images/work-algrano-harvest.jpg
    alt: A child with yellow headphones in a library. He is sitting at an open laptop and smiling
  - img: images/work-algrano-coffee-hands.jpg
    alt: A man holding raw coffee beans in his hands
banner_icon: algrano-logo
toc: true
toc_replacements:
  - long: Bringing a brand to life online
    short: Online brand launch
  - long: Clear, concise messaging
  - long: Visual storytelling
  - long: User-journey creation
  - long: Capturing the heart of Algrano
    short: Engaging digital design
social_img: images/work-algrano-growers.jpg
social_img_txt: "Ensuring a fair deal across the global coffee community"
---

{{< workquote logo="algrano-logo" img="images/work-algrano-growers.jpg" alt="A woman and a man inspect a coffee plant">}}
We create change with technology to enable independent producers and roasters to thrive.
{{</ workquote >}}


<!-- Text left -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8">

  ## Bringing a brand to life online

  Using Algrano's recently refreshed brand identity, we created an impactful, interactive, and engaging online presence, by capturing their values, mission, and vision through compelling stories and consistent visuals, ensuring their brand will continue to set them apart and make a strong impression.

  </div>
</div>

{{< figure align="left" wrapperclass="" src="work-algrano-laptop.jpg" alt="Over the shoulder photograph of the Algrano website on a laptop" >}}

{{< figure wrapperclass="" src="work-algrano-design-system-x2.jpg" alt="Algrano design system components" >}}



<!-- Text right -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8 lg:col-start-5">

  ## Clear, concise messaging

  Algrano’s brand personality is to be direct, open and friendly. We embraced their changemaker attitude and used straightforward language for their video and website content, making their message engaging and easy to remember, and building trust with potential service users. With a clear balance for both roasters and growers – we focused on showing the relationships that are encouraged, built and nurtured by the Algrano platform. 

  ## Visual storytelling

  To capture attention and maintain engagement we developed an energetic brand explainer video. We created the video to be repurposable, creating multiple short edits that maximised the clients budget and allowed them to use video content across web, social media, presentations and events.

  </div>
</div>

{{< figure align="right" wrapperclass="" src="work-algrano-storyboard-2x.jpg" alt="Storyboard screens from Algrano explainer video" >}}

<div style="padding:56.25% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/961065909?h=9721d21e6f&title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>


<!-- Text left -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8">

  ## User-journey creation

  We designed user-friendly online journeys by delving into and understanding the needs of Algrano’s diverse user groups. By mapping out different user paths, we created smooth and intuitive experiences, optimising navigation and simplifying processes to enhance user engagement and enable them to meet their desired goals online.
  </div>
</div>

{{< image-cycle
  align="left"
  src_1="images/work-algrano-wireframe-2x.jpg"
  alt_1="Algrano website wireframes"
  src_2="images/work-algrano-ui-2x.jpg"
  alt_2="Algrano website user interface" >}}

<!-- Text right -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8 lg:col-start-5">

  ## Capturing the heart of Algrano

  We captured Algrano’s brand essence and distinctive offerings through an attention-grabbing and engaging design, fostering trust and authenticity for both producers and growers. By incorporating speech bubbles and arrows, we guide audiences on a journey, connecting them with key content and encouraging further exploration.

  </div>
</div>

<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  {{< figure wrapperclass="col-span-full lg:col-span-8" src="work-algrano-tablet.jpg" alt="Algrano website designs on tablet screens" >}}
  <div class="col-span-full lg:col-span-4">
  {{< mobile-scroll src="work-algrano-homepage-mobile-full.png" alt="a mockup of the Algrano website homepage" wrapper_class="aspect-iphone max-w-[10.5rem]" speed="20000">}}
  </div>
</div>
