content/work/rewilding-britain.md, before:

---
block_class: bg-pink text-claret
cover_img: images/brand-rwb.jpg
cover_img_alt: 
description: Engaging and influencing audiences to support rewilding areas of the country for the good of the environment
featured: true
icon: bcorp
summary: 
tags: [Strategy, Digital]
title: A platform to inspire rewilding projects across the country
---

Rewilding Britain are the first and only country-wide organisation in Britain focusing on rewilding – acting as a catalyst for debate and action, and demonstrating the power of working with nature to tackle the climate emergency and the extinction crisis.

## Services

UX design

UI design

Development

Strategic consultancy

> “Our vision is a world rich with the incredible hum and thrum of life, a world where our land and seas are again rich and diverse”

One of the key goals for Rewilding Britain is to incite action and participation. This meant that key goals for the website would be to drive engagement on all levels and increase support for rewilding in the UK, the Rewilding Network they are building and to encourage physical and financial support.

Through user needs testing, UX, and UI design we were able to develop a website that gave very different groups access to all of the information they needed to support and engage with the cause. Resulting in an increase of xxx donations

Rewilding Britain needed to build a strong network of rewilding projects and local organisations. To enable them to start conversations with these audiences, we created a ‘Networks’ area to enable information to be easily shared and for projects to prosper. xxxx amount of projects have signed up to this.

Partnership - Rewilding Britain understood that they needed a digital partner to not only create a digital presence but to maintain it and evolve as their organisation does. We’ve been delighted to work with them for almost three years to constantly improve the performance and direction of their site as they continue to gain awareness and support on a national and international level.

Impact stats

149% increase in donations in the first 6 months

200**° signed upto the projects network

Commit message:

[Improved] Rename tags to topics and add services taxonomy

content/work/rewilding-britain.md, after:

---
block_class: bg-pink text-claret
cover_img: images/brand-rwb.jpg
cover_img_alt: 
description: Engaging and influencing audiences to support rewilding areas of the country for the good of the environment
featured: true
icon: bcorp
intro: Rewilding Britain are the first and only country-wide organisation in Britain focusing on rewilding – acting as a catalyst for debate and action, and demonstrating the power of working with nature to tackle the climate emergency and the extinction crisis.
summary:
services: [Strategy, Digital]
topics: [CRM Integration, Design systems]
title: A platform to inspire rewilding projects across the country
---
## Services

UX design

UI design

Development

Strategic consultancy

> “Our vision is a world rich with the incredible hum and thrum of life, a world where our land and seas are again rich and diverse”

One of the key goals for Rewilding Britain is to incite action and participation. This meant that key goals for the website would be to drive engagement on all levels and increase support for rewilding in the UK, the Rewilding Network they are building and to encourage physical and financial support.

![Nerd reading](../images/alabaster.jpg "Oh look, a nerd reading a magazine")

Through user needs testing, UX, and UI design we were able to develop a website that gave very different groups access to all of the information they needed to support and engage with the cause. Resulting in an increase of xxx donations

Rewilding Britain needed to build a strong network of rewilding projects and local organisations. To enable them to start conversations with these audiences, we created a ‘Networks’ area to enable information to be easily shared and for projects to prosper. xxxx amount of projects have signed up to this.

Partnership - Rewilding Britain understood that they needed a digital partner to not only create a digital presence but to maintain it and evolve as their organisation does. We’ve been delighted to work with them for almost three years to constantly improve the performance and direction of their site as they continue to gain awareness and support on a national and international level.

Impact stats

149% increase in donations in the first 6 months

200**° signed upto the projects network
