content/work/unesco.md, before:

---
draft: false
featured: true
heading: Ensuring access to education for millions of children
title: UNESCO - Brand and Digital Case Study - Non-Profit
date: 2023-06-28T12:26:29.707Z
cover_img: images/work-unesco-refugees.jpg
cover_img_alt: Three child refugees in a tent Kabul
intro: UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation, promotes peace and security through international cooperation in education, sciences, culture, communication, and information. Their mission is to foster global citizens who are free of hate and intolerance, to provide quality education for all, and to strengthen bonds between nations through cultural heritage.
key_stat: null
topics:
  - Illustration
  - Research and analysis
  - User-centred Design
block_class: bg-blue text-sky
cta_class: bg-sky text-blue
external_link: 
icon: unesco-logo
description: A global user-centred design process
services:
  - brand
  - digital
related_work:
  - chapter
  - rewilding-britain
  - jackson-crane
weight: 2
key_stat:
  - 224-unesco
banner_type: standard
banner_icon: unesco-logo
banner_img: images/work-unesco-school.jpg
banner_img_alt: Children at desks in a school, working with blue pens. One child is looking directly at the camera
toc: true
teaser:
  title: Ensuring access to education for millions of children
  description: A global user-centred design process that resulted in the delivery of a digital report and knowledge base to support governments in strengthening the systems that provide education, in preparation for emergencies such as conflict or natural disaster
  images:
    - img: images/work-unesco-flat.jpg
      alt: Flat images of pages from a report document
    - img: images/work-unesco-refugees.jpg
      alt: Three child refugees in a tent Kabul
      darken: true
      stat:
        - 224-unesco
    - img: images/work-unesco-internal-page.jpg
      alt: A tablet device with a page from the Digital PDF report
social_img_txt: "Ensuring access to education for millions of children"
---

<!-- Text left -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8">

  They partnered with Kind for their Education in Emergencies (EiE) project, a five-year initiative collecting data from countries experiencing crises, whether natural disasters or conflicts. The project's aim is to gather, understand, and share knowledge, identify best practices, improve data systems, and facilitate learning from affected countries to prepare for and assist future crises.

  UNESCO required assistance in handling a vast range of complex information, including reports, data systems, workshops, user profiles, guidebooks, and partner projects. The goal was to develop a user-centered digital platform that not only hosted this information but presented it in a user-friendly way to support their work.

  </div>
</div>

{{< workquote source="" logo="unesco-logo" img="images/work-unesco-refugees.jpg" alt="Three child refugees in a tent Kabul">}}
Education is a fundamental human right. For children and youth caught up in emergency situations, education not only means the continuity of learning, but it also provides a sense of normalcy and the key to a different future.
{{</ workquote >}}

<!-- Text right -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8 lg:col-start-5">

  ## Desk-based research

  Utilising all of the rich content UNESCO had collected, we worked with these documents to understand the complexities of the subject matter, we also looked at related work through partner organisations. This provided us with the foundational knowledge to ask the right questions to potential users and to start structuring the digital platform in an intuitive format.

  ## User-centric strategic discussions

  We hosted group and 1-1 calls with UNESCO staff, practitioners, partners and future users of the digital platform. This enabled us to fully understand the needs of these users and make assumptions about typical user journeys and functionality that would be really important to users.

  </div>
</div>


<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  {{< figure wrapperclass="col-span-full lg:col-span-4 lg:col-start-5" src="work-unesco-internal-page.jpg" alt="A tablet device with a page from the Digital PDF report" >}}

  <div class="flex items-center bg-white col-span-full lg:col-span-4">

  {{< image-cycle
    src_1="images/work-unesco-character-1.jpg"
    alt_1="An illustrated character from the digital PDF report"
    src_2="images/work-unesco-character-2.jpg"
    alt_2="An illustrated character from the digital PDF report"
    src_3="images/work-unesco-character-3.jpg"
    alt_3="An illustrated character from the digital PDF report"
    src_4="images/work-unesco-character-4.jpg"
    alt_4="An illustrated character from the digital PDF report" >}}

  </div>
</div>

{{< figure wrapperclass="" src="work-unesco-illustration-wide.jpg" alt="A large illustration from the digital PDF report" >}}

<!-- Text left -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8">

  ## Prototypes and user testing

  With the same working groups and individuals we’d spoken to directly, we built templates to test our IA, wireframes and content structure. These prototypes allowed users to test our thinking and to provide critical feedback across multiple rounds to allow us to create the most effective product for the people who would be using it.

  ## User-friendly design

  Working with UNESCO's existing brand and website design system. We created user-friendly design templates for their digital platform which was complimentary to their existing style and formatting but still engagingly communicated their complex information. 

  </div>
</div>

{{< figure wrapperclass="" src="work-unesco-online.jpg" alt="The UNESCO Education in Emergencies Knowledge Hub shown on a laptop device outside a government building" align="left" >}}

<!-- Text right -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8 lg:col-start-5">

  ## Illustrated PDF report

  Kind also helped UNESCO condense a detailed 100-page report into a concise, visually engaging summary report. The report was enhanced with illustrations, clear content breakdown, interactive elements, and links to additional support material. The illustrations, featuring diverse characters, aimed to express the report's findings and solutions while respecting the seriousness of the events in crisis areas.

  </div>
</div>

{{< figure align="right" wrapperclass="" src="work-unesco-flat.jpg" alt="Flat images of pages from a report document" >}}

Commit message:

Better SEO titles and descriptions - moved Base 51 imagery around

content/work/unesco.md, after:

---
draft: false
featured: true
heading: Ensuring access to education for millions of children
title: User-centred discovery and digital knowledge base for UNESCO
description: A global user-centred design process that led to the delivery of a digital repository of resources to ensure education in emergencies
date: 2023-06-28T12:26:29.707Z
cover_img: images/work-unesco-refugees.jpg
cover_img_alt: Three child refugees in a tent Kabul
intro: UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation, promotes peace and security through international cooperation in education, sciences, culture, communication, and information. Their mission is to foster global citizens who are free of hate and intolerance, to provide quality education for all, and to strengthen bonds between nations through cultural heritage.
key_stat: null
topics:
  - Illustration
  - Research and analysis
  - User-centred Design
block_class: bg-blue text-sky
cta_class: bg-sky text-blue
external_link: 
icon: unesco-logo
teaser_text: A global user-centred design process
services:
  - brand
  - digital
related_work:
  - chapter
  - rewilding-britain
  - jackson-crane
weight: 2
key_stat:
  - 224-unesco
banner_type: standard
banner_icon: unesco-logo
banner_img: images/work-unesco-school.jpg
banner_img_alt: Children at desks in a school, working with blue pens. One child is looking directly at the camera
toc: true
teaser:
  title: Ensuring access to education for millions of children
  description: A global user-centred design process that resulted in the delivery of a digital report and knowledge base to support governments in strengthening the systems that provide education, in preparation for emergencies such as conflict or natural disaster
  images:
    - img: images/work-unesco-flat.jpg
      alt: Flat images of pages from a report document
    - img: images/work-unesco-refugees.jpg
      alt: Three child refugees in a tent Kabul
      darken: true
      stat:
        - 224-unesco
    - img: images/work-unesco-internal-page.jpg
      alt: A tablet device with a page from the Digital PDF report
social_img_txt: "Ensuring access to education for millions of children"
---

<!-- Text left -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8">

  They partnered with Kind for their Education in Emergencies (EiE) project, a five-year initiative collecting data from countries experiencing crises, whether natural disasters or conflicts. The project's aim is to gather, understand, and share knowledge, identify best practices, improve data systems, and facilitate learning from affected countries to prepare for and assist future crises.

  UNESCO required assistance in handling a vast range of complex information, including reports, data systems, workshops, user profiles, guidebooks, and partner projects. The goal was to develop a user-centered digital platform that not only hosted this information but presented it in a user-friendly way to support their work.

  </div>
</div>

{{< workquote source="" logo="unesco-logo" img="images/work-unesco-refugees.jpg" alt="Three child refugees in a tent Kabul">}}
Education is a fundamental human right. For children and youth caught up in emergency situations, education not only means the continuity of learning, but it also provides a sense of normalcy and the key to a different future.
{{</ workquote >}}

<!-- Text right -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8 lg:col-start-5">

  ## Desk-based research

  Utilising all of the rich content UNESCO had collected, we worked with these documents to understand the complexities of the subject matter, we also looked at related work through partner organisations. This provided us with the foundational knowledge to ask the right questions to potential users and to start structuring the digital platform in an intuitive format.

  ## User-centric strategic discussions

  We hosted group and 1-1 calls with UNESCO staff, practitioners, partners and future users of the digital platform. This enabled us to fully understand the needs of these users and make assumptions about typical user journeys and functionality that would be really important to users.

  </div>
</div>


<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  {{< figure wrapperclass="col-span-full lg:col-span-4 lg:col-start-5" src="work-unesco-internal-page.jpg" alt="A tablet device with a page from the Digital PDF report" >}}

  <div class="flex items-center bg-white col-span-full lg:col-span-4">

  {{< image-cycle
    src_1="images/work-unesco-character-1.jpg"
    alt_1="An illustrated character from the digital PDF report"
    src_2="images/work-unesco-character-2.jpg"
    alt_2="An illustrated character from the digital PDF report"
    src_3="images/work-unesco-character-3.jpg"
    alt_3="An illustrated character from the digital PDF report"
    src_4="images/work-unesco-character-4.jpg"
    alt_4="An illustrated character from the digital PDF report" >}}

  </div>
</div>

{{< figure wrapperclass="" src="work-unesco-illustration-wide.jpg" alt="A large illustration from the digital PDF report" >}}

<!-- Text left -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8">

  ## Prototypes and user testing

  With the same working groups and individuals we’d spoken to directly, we built templates to test our IA, wireframes and content structure. These prototypes allowed users to test our thinking and to provide critical feedback across multiple rounds to allow us to create the most effective product for the people who would be using it.

  ## User-friendly design

  Working with UNESCO's existing brand and website design system. We created user-friendly design templates for their digital platform which was complimentary to their existing style and formatting but still engagingly communicated their complex information. 

  </div>
</div>

{{< figure wrapperclass="" src="work-unesco-online.jpg" alt="The UNESCO Education in Emergencies Knowledge Hub shown on a laptop device outside a government building" align="left" >}}

<!-- Text right -->
<div class="w-full grid grid-cols-12 gap-x-2.5 gap-y-6 lg:gap-6 xl:gap-8">
  <div class="prose col-span-full lg:col-span-8 lg:col-start-5">

  ## Illustrated PDF report

  Kind also helped UNESCO condense a detailed 100-page report into a concise, visually engaging summary report. The report was enhanced with illustrations, clear content breakdown, interactive elements, and links to additional support material. The illustrations, featuring diverse characters, aimed to express the report's findings and solutions while respecting the seriousness of the events in crisis areas.

  </div>
</div>

{{< figure align="right" wrapperclass="" src="work-unesco-flat.jpg" alt="Flat images of pages from a report document" >}}
