content/about/manifesto.md, before:

---
date: 2020-04-20T11:48:46+01:00
cover_img:
cover_img_alt:
description: Because we only do work we believe in, we bring a level of commitment you won’t find anywhere else — and that means great results for you.
footer_class: bg-teal text-blue
page_class: bg-indigo text-buff
intro: >

  That’s why we go our own way. We’re a small but powerful team of carefully selected senior professionals. People whose work packs a real punch. **Strategy, brand, digital** – we bring it all together and drive change in ways that really matter. 


  Our work delivers faster, bigger, more effective results for our clients’ causes – in the charity sector, sustainability, research, the environment, and the arts.
title: Our manifesto
heading: Well-worn paths are never going to lead to a better world.
---

<div class="grid gap-10 md:grid-cols-2 lg:gap-20 section--lg">

  {{< blockquote author="Mat Hayward" image="avatar-mat.png" class="text-lg leading-tight text-teal" role="Founder & Partnership Director" avatar="mat" >}}
  Doing the right thing isn’t easy, but when we started Kind, we decided it was the only way we wanted to do business.
  {{</ blockquote >}}

  {{< blockquote author="Michelle Pavey" image="avatar-michelle.png" class="text-lg leading-tight text-teal" role="Co-owner & Strategy Director" avatar="michelle" >}}
  Five years ago, I chose to join a creative agency that put ‘doing good’ at the heart of everything it set out to do.
  {{</ blockquote >}}

</div>
<section class="max-w-5xl mx-auto section--lg">
<h2 class="h1">Let’s be clear—we’re not for everyone</h2>
<div class="mt-10 prose lede">

All our clients must have a mission that comes before profit. Using our skills and insights, we empower and lift up these organisations, acting as a force for good behind the scenes. We set our standards high, so becoming a **B Corporation** was just a starting point—and we’re part of **1% for the Planet**. We understand that we can’t save the world with a brand, a strategy or a website. But we do believe that when we all pull together, there’s no limit to what we can achieve.

</div>
<div class="flex flex-wrap items-center justify-center gap-10 mt-10 lg:gap-20 section">
  <svg class="w-24 h-32 flex-no-shrink" role="presentation">
    <use xlink:href="#icon-bcorp"/>
  </svg>
  <svg class="w-48 h-24 flex-no-shrink" role="presentation">
    <use xlink:href="#icon-1fortheplanet"/>
  </svg>
  <div class="w-32 shrink-0 grow-0">
    <img alt="Members of the Ocean Network" class="object-fit" height="126" loading="lazy" sizes="100vw" src="https://madebykind.imgix.net/logo-ocean-network.png?auto=format" width="122"><p></p>
  </div>
</div>
</section>
<section class="max-w-5xl mx-auto section--lg">
<h2 class="h1">For the good folks</h2>
<div class="mt-10 mb-16 prose lede">

The **wildlife protectors**, **cultural contributors** and **green architects**. We’re for everyone who’s making a change for good.

That’s not you ~~BP~~, ~~Amazon~~, ~~Shell~~…
  
</div>
<div>
  <a class="btn bg-buff text-indigo hover:bg-pink hover:text-blue focus:bg-pink focus:text-blue" href="/about/our-impact/">
    Our impact
    <svg class="w-12 h-4 flex-no-shrink" role="presentation">
      <use xlink:href="#icon-arrow"/>
    </svg>
  </a>
</div>
</section>

Commit message:

social images and rename missing images

content/about/manifesto.md, after:

---
date: 2020-04-20T11:48:46+01:00
cover_img:
cover_img_alt:
description: Because we only do work we believe in, we bring a level of commitment you won’t find anywhere else — and that means great results for you.
footer_class: bg-teal text-blue
page_class: bg-indigo text-buff
intro: >

  That’s why we go our own way. We’re a small but powerful team of carefully selected senior professionals. People whose work packs a real punch. **Strategy, brand, digital** – we bring it all together and drive change in ways that really matter. 


  Our work delivers faster, bigger, more effective results for our clients’ causes – in the charity sector, sustainability, research, the environment, and the arts.
title: Our manifesto
heading: Well-worn paths are never going to lead to a better world.
social_img_txt: "Well-worn paths are never going to lead to a better world."
social_img_color: "navy"
---

<div class="grid gap-10 md:grid-cols-2 lg:gap-20 section--lg">

  {{< blockquote author="Mat Hayward" image="avatar-mat.png" class="text-lg leading-tight text-teal" role="Founder & Partnership Director" avatar="mat" >}}
  Doing the right thing isn’t easy, but when we started Kind, we decided it was the only way we wanted to do business.
  {{</ blockquote >}}

  {{< blockquote author="Michelle Pavey" image="avatar-michelle.png" class="text-lg leading-tight text-teal" role="Co-owner & Strategy Director" avatar="michelle" >}}
  Five years ago, I chose to join a creative agency that put ‘doing good’ at the heart of everything it set out to do.
  {{</ blockquote >}}

</div>
<section class="max-w-5xl mx-auto section--lg">
<h2 class="h1">Let’s be clear—we’re not for everyone</h2>
<div class="mt-10 prose lede">

All our clients must have a mission that comes before profit. Using our skills and insights, we empower and lift up these organisations, acting as a force for good behind the scenes. We set our standards high, so becoming a **B Corporation** was just a starting point—and we’re part of **1% for the Planet**. We understand that we can’t save the world with a brand, a strategy or a website. But we do believe that when we all pull together, there’s no limit to what we can achieve.

</div>
<div class="flex flex-wrap items-center justify-center gap-10 mt-10 lg:gap-20 section">
  <svg class="w-24 h-32 flex-no-shrink" role="presentation">
    <use xlink:href="#icon-bcorp"/>
  </svg>
  <svg class="w-48 h-24 flex-no-shrink" role="presentation">
    <use xlink:href="#icon-1fortheplanet"/>
  </svg>
  <div class="w-32 shrink-0 grow-0">
    <img alt="Members of the Ocean Network" class="object-fit" height="126" loading="lazy" sizes="100vw" src="https://madebykind.imgix.net/logo-ocean-network.png?auto=format" width="122"><p></p>
  </div>
</div>
</section>
<section class="max-w-5xl mx-auto section--lg">
<h2 class="h1">For the good folks</h2>
<div class="mt-10 mb-16 prose lede">

The **wildlife protectors**, **cultural contributors** and **green architects**. We’re for everyone who’s making a change for good.

That’s not you ~~BP~~, ~~Amazon~~, ~~Shell~~…
  
</div>
<div>
  <a class="btn bg-buff text-indigo hover:bg-pink hover:text-blue focus:bg-pink focus:text-blue" href="/about/our-impact/">
    Our impact
    <svg class="w-12 h-4 flex-no-shrink" role="presentation">
      <use xlink:href="#icon-arrow"/>
    </svg>
  </a>
</div>
</section>
