content/sectors/arts-and-culture.md, before:

---
title: Arts & Culture
slug: arts-and-culture
heading: Creating cultural impact from behind the scenes
cover_img: images/work-backlit-kind-team.jpg
cover_img_alt: High-level view of three people around a wooden table, looking at digital designs of Backlit Gallery website on a laptop and a tablet
banner_images:
  - img: images/work-backlit-interior.png
    alt: Interior of an old industrial building, now an art gallery
  - img: images/work-va-glastonbury-ipad.jpg
    alt: The Glastonbury Digital Archive shown on a tablet device
  - img: images/work-chapter-floor-signage.jpg
    alt: Floor wayfinding at Chapter Arts Centre
  - img: images/work-chapter-laptop.jpg
    alt: Chapter Arts Centre website on a laptop
  - img: images/work-ntu-bonnington.jpg
    alt: Bonnington Gallery
  - img: images/work-va-creswell-laptop-michelle.jpg
    alt: Over the shoulder view of laptop showing the Creswell Digital Photography Archive
  - img: images/work-chapter-exterior.jpg
    alt: An exterior photograph of Chapter Arts Centre, showing the community garden
  - img: images/Work-VA-Header-BG.jpg
    alt: The Ancient City of Petra, Jordan
  - img: images/work-va-glasto-history.jpg
    alt: A black and white photograph of a Glastonbury Festival, showing festival goers walking through mud
  - img: images/work-lr-headset.jpg
    alt: A woman in VR headset
  - img: images/work-artswork-photo-2.jpg
    alt: Young people standing on a bridge with blue sky behind them, holding up a pair of trousers and throwing a world globe in the air.
logo_wrapperclass: "w-12 lg:w-20 xl:w-24"
logos:
  - name: The V&A
    icon: va-logo
  - name: Chapter Arts Centre
    icon: chapter-logo
  - name: Backlit Gallery
    icon: backlit-logo
  - name: Artswork
    icon: logo-artswork
related_projects:
  - slug: work/vanda
  - slug: work/chapter
  - slug: work/backlit
  - slug: work/artswork
testimonials:
  - testimonials/glasto
  - testimonials/lr
help_intro: We partner with arts and cultural organisations, helping them to reach their audiences and achieve their goals through brand strategies and digital activities.
help_items:
  - title: Improve your ticketing journey
    description: Even the best digital marketing strategy can be let down by a ticket purchasing journey with a low conversion rate. Keeping things simple and concentrating on the user-experience are the keys to increased ticket sales.
  - title: Digitise your historical content
    description: There's no substitute for seeing artworks or artefacts in person but sometimes that's just not possible. Whether it's because an exhibition has ended, the artefact is in a private collection or it's simply not a physical object, digital technology creates a lot of opportunities to share more and share further.
  - title: Strategic consultancy
    description: A strategic approach should be central to every project because, if your project is not meeting organisational goals, it is not worth doing. Taking time to understand your objectives, audiences and opportunities will help to plan and deliver a highly effective end product.
  - title: Prototyping and user testing
    description: Unsure whether your vision is feasible or what it might cost to realise? A discovery phase or proof-of-concept project will allow you to explore your options, gather insight and obtain clarity before moving to the next stage.
---

Commit message:

Updte sector landing pages - mostly SEO

content/sectors/arts-and-culture.md, after:

---
title: Arts & Culture
slug: arts-and-culture
heading: Creating cultural impact from behind the scenes
seo_title: Culture sector branding, websites and strategies
description: We partner with arts and cultural organisations, helping them to realise their vision through brand strategies and digital activities.
cover_img: images/work-backlit-kind-team.jpg
cover_img_alt: High-level view of three people around a wooden table, looking at digital designs of Backlit Gallery website on a laptop and a tablet
banner_images:
  - img: images/work-backlit-interior.png
    alt: Interior of an old industrial building, now an art gallery
  - img: images/work-va-glastonbury-ipad.jpg
    alt: The Glastonbury Digital Archive shown on a tablet device
  - img: images/work-chapter-floor-signage.jpg
    alt: Floor wayfinding at Chapter Arts Centre
  - img: images/work-chapter-laptop.jpg
    alt: Chapter Arts Centre website on a laptop
  - img: images/work-ntu-bonnington.jpg
    alt: Bonnington Gallery
  - img: images/work-va-creswell-laptop-michelle.jpg
    alt: Over the shoulder view of laptop showing the Creswell Digital Photography Archive
  - img: images/work-chapter-exterior.jpg
    alt: An exterior photograph of Chapter Arts Centre, showing the community garden
  - img: images/Work-VA-Header-BG.jpg
    alt: The Ancient City of Petra, Jordan
  - img: images/work-va-glasto-history.jpg
    alt: A black and white photograph of a Glastonbury Festival, showing festival goers walking through mud
  - img: images/work-lr-headset.jpg
    alt: A woman in VR headset
  - img: images/work-artswork-photo-2.jpg
    alt: Young people standing on a bridge with blue sky behind them, holding up a pair of trousers and throwing a world globe in the air.
logo_wrapperclass: "w-12 lg:w-20 xl:w-24"
logos:
  - name: The V&A
    icon: va-logo
  - name: Chapter Arts Centre
    icon: chapter-logo
  - name: Backlit Gallery
    icon: backlit-logo
  - name: Artswork
    icon: logo-artswork
related_projects:
  - slug: work/vanda
  - slug: work/chapter
  - slug: work/backlit
  - slug: work/artswork
testimonials:
  - testimonials/glasto
  - testimonials/lr
help_intro: We partner with arts and cultural organisations, helping them to reach their audiences and achieve their goals through brand strategies and digital activities.
help_items:
  - title: Improve your ticketing journey
    description: Even the best digital marketing strategy can be let down by a ticket purchasing journey with a low conversion rate. Keeping things simple and concentrating on the user-experience are the keys to increased ticket sales.
  - title: Digitise your historical content
    description: There's no substitute for seeing artworks or artefacts in person but sometimes that's just not possible. Whether it's because an exhibition has ended, the artefact is in a private collection or it's simply not a physical object, digital technology creates a lot of opportunities to share more and share further.
  - title: Strategic consultancy
    description: A strategic approach should be central to every project because, if your project is not meeting organisational goals, it is not worth doing. Taking time to understand your objectives, audiences and opportunities will help to plan and deliver a highly effective end product.
  - title: Prototyping and user testing
    description: Unsure whether your vision is feasible or what it might cost to realise? A discovery phase or proof-of-concept project will allow you to explore your options, gather insight and obtain clarity before moving to the next stage.
---
