content/sectors/environment.md, before:

---
title: Environment
heading: We help create waves in the Environment sector
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
  - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
    alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
  - img: images/work-garden-organic-laptop-3.jpg
    alt: Garden Organic website on a laptop, situated on a garden table.
  - img: images/gary-ellis-5vf16lnz-gi-unsplash.jpg
    alt: A river in the Scottish Higlands
  - img: images/work-jackson-crane-biophillic-house.jpg
    alt: Rendered image of a biophilic house
  - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
    alt: A beaver on a river bank
  - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
    alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
logo_wrapperclass: "w-12 lg:w-20 xl:w-24"
logo_hide_link: true
logos:
  - name: Rewilding Britain
    icon: rwb-logo
  - name: The Rivers Trust
    icon: rt-logo
  - name: Garden Organic
    icon: garden-organic-logo
  - name: Energy Technologies Institute
    icon: eti-logo
projects:
  - title: Rewilding Britain Digital Partnership
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed lacinia consequat rhoncus.
    icon: rwb-logo
    indent_text: true
    images:
        - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
          alt: A beaver on a river bank
        - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-phone-3.jpg
          alt: The Rewilding Britain website shown on a device in the environment
        - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
          alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
          stat:
            - 149-percent
  - title: Helping to build awareness of the state of rivers
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed lacinia consequat rhoncus.
    icon: rt-logo
    images:
        - img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone-2.jpg
          alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
        - img: images/jack-anstey-unsplash.jpg
          alt: A landscape image of a river taken from a drone
          stat:
            - 1000s
  - title: Website redesign and online member portal
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed lacinia consequat rhoncus.
    icon: garden-organic-logo
    indent_text: true
    images:
        - img: images/work-garden-organic-laptop-jess-seth.jpg
          alt: Over the shoulder view of a man and a woman looking at the Garden Organic website on a laptop
        - img: images/work-garden-organic-tablet.jpg
          alt: The Garden Organic website on a tablet device, on a garden bench
          stat:
            - 18k
        - img: images/work-garden-organic-garden.jpg
          alt: A photograph of a kitchen garden
  - title: Digital transformation of low-carbon energy institute
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed lacinia consequat rhoncus.
    icon: eti-logo
    indent_images: true
    images:
        - img: images/work-eti-laptop.jpg
          alt: The ETI's searchable archive of low-carbon research shown on a laptop
        - img: images/work-eti-offshore-wind.jpg
          alt: Sunset photograph of the sea with a wind farm in the distance
          stat:
            - 10-years
testimonials:
  - testimonials/rwb-short
  - testimonials/eti
help_intro: We partner with environmental, sustainable and positive impact organisations, helping them to realise their vision through brand strategies and digital activities.
help_items:
  - title: Raise awareness of your cause
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum imperdiet volutpat justo sit amet sollicitudin.
  - title: Increase support and donations
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum imperdiet volutpat justo sit amet sollicitudin.
  - title: Strategic consultancy
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum imperdiet volutpat justo sit amet sollicitudin.
  - title: Engaging your audience
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum imperdiet volutpat justo sit amet sollicitudin.
---

Commit message:

Change images all the time

content/sectors/environment.md, after:

---
title: Environment
heading: We help create waves in the Environment sector
cover_img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone.jpg
cover_img_alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
banner_images:
  - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
    alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
  - img: images/work-garden-organic-laptop-3.jpg
    alt: Garden Organic website on a laptop, situated on a garden table.
  - img: images/gary-ellis-5vf16lnz-gi-unsplash.jpg
    alt: A river in the Scottish Higlands
  - img: images/work-jackson-crane-biophillic-house.jpg
    alt: Rendered image of a biophilic house
  - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
    alt: A beaver on a river bank
  - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-4.jpg
    alt: Landscape image of a large tree on farmland
  - img: images/work-eti-offshore-wind.jpg
    alt: Sunset photograph of the sea with a wind farm in the distance
  - img: images/work-garden-organic-laptop-jess-seth.jpg
    alt: Over the shoulder view of a man and a woman looking at the Garden Organic website on a laptop
logo_wrapperclass: "w-12 lg:w-20 xl:w-24"
logo_hide_link: true
logos:
  - name: Rewilding Britain
    icon: rwb-logo
  - name: The Rivers Trust
    icon: rt-logo
  - name: Garden Organic
    icon: garden-organic-logo
  - name: Energy Technologies Institute
    icon: eti-logo
projects:
  - title: Rewilding Britain Digital Partnership
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed lacinia consequat rhoncus.
    icon: rwb-logo
    indent_text: true
    images:
        - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-carousel-2.jpg
          alt: A beaver on a river bank
        - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-phone-3.jpg
          alt: The Rewilding Britain website shown on a device in the environment
        - img: images/work-rewilding-britain-teaser.jpg
          alt: A Blue Tit on a branch
          stat:
            - 149-percent
  - title: Helping to build awareness of the state of rivers
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed lacinia consequat rhoncus.
    icon: rt-logo
    images:
        - img: images/work-rivers-trust-phone-2.jpg
          alt: Shot in the environment, a mobile-optimised website for The Rivers Trust website
        - img: images/jack-anstey-unsplash.jpg
          alt: A landscape image of a river taken from a drone
          stat:
            - 1000s
  - title: Website redesign and online member portal
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed lacinia consequat rhoncus.
    icon: garden-organic-logo
    indent_text: true
    images:
        - img: images/work-garden-organic-laptop-jess-seth.jpg
          alt: Over the shoulder view of a man and a woman looking at the Garden Organic website on a laptop
        - img: images/work-garden-organic-tablet.jpg
          alt: The Garden Organic website on a tablet device, on a garden bench
          stat:
            - 18k
        - img: images/work-garden-organic-garden.jpg
          alt: A photograph of a kitchen garden
  - title: Digital transformation of low-carbon energy institute
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed lacinia consequat rhoncus.
    icon: eti-logo
    indent_images: true
    images:
        - img: images/work-eti-laptop.jpg
          alt: The ETI's searchable archive of low-carbon research shown on a laptop
        - img: images/work-eti-offshore-wind.jpg
          alt: Sunset photograph of the sea with a wind farm in the distance
          stat:
            - 10-years
testimonials:
  - testimonials/rwb-short
  - testimonials/eti
help_intro: We partner with environmental, sustainable and positive impact organisations, helping them to realise their vision through brand strategies and digital activities.
help_items:
  - title: Raise awareness of your cause
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum imperdiet volutpat justo sit amet sollicitudin.
  - title: Increase support and donations
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum imperdiet volutpat justo sit amet sollicitudin.
  - title: Strategic consultancy
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum imperdiet volutpat justo sit amet sollicitudin.
  - title: Engaging your audience
    description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum imperdiet volutpat justo sit amet sollicitudin.
---
